Update and re-org (#154)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-proxy.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

You can update the proxy settings used by Runtime Fabric outbound connections to the internet. This includes managing HTTP proxies for connecting to the Anypoint control plane, and SOCKS5 proxies for sending metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring.

== Install rtfctl 

The rtftl tool is required to manage proxy settings on Runtime Fabric. Follow the steps to xref:install-rtfctl.adoc[install rtfctl] before moving forward with configuring proxy settings.

== Apply Proxy Values to Runtime Fabric Services

. Log in to a controller node where `rtfctl` has been installed. 
. Run the following command, replacing the placeholder values with the following:
+
----

> rtfctl apply http-proxy "http://<user>:<pass>@<10.0.0.1>:<8080>" --no-proxy "<1.1.1.1:8888,2.2.2.2.:9999>"

Reviewer: remove trailing "." after 2.2.2.2.

Author: Got it - thank you!

----
+
* *<user>*: the username needed to authenticate to the HTTP proxy.
* *<pass>*: the password needed to authenticate to the HTTP proxy. +
[NOTE]
The password must be URL encoded.
* *<10.0.0.1>*: the IP address or hostname to access the HTTP proxy.
* *<8080>*: the port on the host where the HTTP proxy is listening for requests.

> * *<1.1.1.1:8888,2.2.2.2.:9999>*: the `NO_PROXY` hosts and ports, delimited by commas.

Reviewer: remove trailing "." after 2.2.2.2

Author: Got it - thank you!

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can update the proxy settings used by Runtime Fabric outbound connections to the internet. This includes managing HTTP proxies for connecting to the Anypoint control plane, and SOCKS5 proxies for sending metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can update the proxy settings used by Anypoint Runtime Fabric outbound connections to the internet. This includes managing both HTTP proxies for connecting to the Anypoint Platform control plane and SOCKS5 proxies for sending metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring.
```

== Update the HTTP Proxy

Updating the HTTP proxy causes each machine in the cluster to restart all pods running on it. Although no downtime occurs if you are running multiple replicas, you should perform HTTP proxy updates during a maintenance window. 

* Apply the proxy values to the services running within Runtime Fabric.

> * If you are using Runtime Fabric installer 1.0.x, run the script on each node of your Runtime Fabric to update the cluster.

Reviewer 2: Is the installer 1.0.x or is Runtime Fabric 1.0.x?

Reviewer 2: if the latter:
```suggestion
* If you are using Runtime Fabric 1.0.x installer, run the script on each node of your Runtime Fabric installation to update the cluster.
```
...need to give "your" an object.

The password must be URL encoded.
* *<10.0.0.1>*: the IP address or hostname to access the HTTP proxy.
* *<8080>*: the port on the host where the HTTP proxy is listening for requests.

> * *<1.1.1.1:8888,2.2.2.2:9999>*: the `NO_PROXY` hosts and ports, delimited by commas.

Reviewer 2: When we update, let's fix list format.

. To verify the change was successful, run the following command to output the current value of the HTTP proxy: `rtfctl get http-proxy`.

The output should match the value expected.

=== Run the Script on Each Node

> Perform the following steps *only* if you are using Runtime Fabric installer 1.0.x. Run `rtfctl version` to verify, reported as the *Server version*.

Reviewer 2: ditto question about version number
```suggestion
Perform the following steps _only_ if you are using Runtime Fabric installer 1.0.x. To verify your version, run `rtfctl version` and look for the results for *Server version*.
```

Reviewer 2: I would make this a prereq....

> . Copy the `set_dockerd_proxy.sh` from the controller node used to install Runtime Fabric, which is located under `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`, to each controller and worker node under the same location (`/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`). +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the controller node used to install Runtime Fabric, copy the `set_dockerd_proxy.sh` value located in `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/` to each controller and worker node in the same location (`/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/scripts/`). +
```

Reviewer 2: Consider moving the NOTE to be just a plain sentence under the previous step.

[NOTE]
If you are not able to locate this script, open a support ticket for assistance.

> . Update the `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/env` file to set the values for `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` and `RTF_NO_PROXY` variables. + 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Update the `/opt/anypoint/runtimefabric/env` file with values for both the `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` and `RTF_NO_PROXY` variables. + 
```

> The `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` value accepts authentication values in-line. For example: `http://user:Password@1.1.1.1:80` +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `RTF_HTTP_PROXY` value accepts authentication values inline: for example, `http://user:Password@1.1.1.1:80`. +
```

> The `RTF_NO_PROXY` value accepts a comma-separated list of hosts that should not go through the proxy. For example: `1.1.1.1,no-proxy.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `RTF_NO_PROXY` value accepts a comma-separated list of hosts that should not go through the proxy: for example, `1.1.1.1,no-proxy.com`.
```
